hackathon-site/docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Smart Irrigation System
sidebar_label: Introduction
---




# AJRASAKHA HACKATHON 
## 48-Hour Two-Phase Agricultural Technology Challenge

---

## Overview

The **Ajrasakha Hackathon** is a two-phase competitive event where teams of four will build innovative agricultural technology solutions that integrate with the **Ajrasakha system** - annam.ai's suite of open-source agricultural software. This hackathon focuses on creating practical, cost-effective, and scalable solutions for Indian farmers.

### Event Structure
- **Phase 1:** 23 January 2026, 8:00 PM to 25 January 2026, 10:00 PM (48 hours)
- **Phase 2:** 30 January 2026, 8:00 PM to 1 February 2026, 10:00 PM (48 hours)
- **Total Duration:** Two consecutive weekends, 96 hours of development time

---

## The Problem Statement

### Objective
Build innovative features and solutions that integrate seamlessly with the **Ajrasakha agricultural knowledge platform**. The system connects farmers with agricultural experts, educators, and fellow farmers, enabling affordable, accessible, and practical learning experiences focused on improving farming practices, crop management, market access, and sustainable agriculture.

### Ajrasakha System Overview
Ajrasakha is a suite of open-source software built on:
- **Core Stack:** MERN (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js)
- **Additional Technologies:** Python, AI models, ML algorithms
- **Purpose:** Comprehensive agricultural knowledge and support platform

### Project Options

Teams may choose **ONE** of the following approaches:

#### Option 1: Problem Statements (Provided by Organizers)

Work on pre-defined problem statements that address specific needs in the Ajrasakha system.

#### Option 2: Improve an Existing Solution

Teams can enhance, extend, or optimize an existing Ajrasakha project by adding new features, improving performance, usability, scalability, or reliability in alignment with Ajrasakha’s mission.

---

Commit message:

Revise Ajrasakha Hackathon introduction and details
Updated the introduction and event structure for the Ajrasakha Hackathon.

hackathon-site/docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Smart Irrigation System
sidebar_label: Introduction
---

# AJRASAKHA HACKATHON  
## Monthly Two-Phase Agricultural Technology Challenge

---

## Overview

The **Ajrasakha Hackathon** is a **recurring monthly, two-phase challenge** where teams of four build innovative agricultural technology solutions that integrate with the **Ajrasakha system** — annam.ai's suite of open-source agricultural software. This hackathon focuses on creating practical, cost-effective, and scalable solutions for Indian farmers.

### Event Structure
- **Phase 1:** First two (2) weeks of each month  
- **Phase 2:** Following two (2) weeks of the same month  
- **Total Duration:** One full month, split into two structured development phases

---

## The Problem Statement

### Objective
Build innovative features and solutions that integrate seamlessly with the **Ajrasakha agricultural knowledge platform**. The system connects farmers with agricultural experts, educators, and fellow farmers, enabling affordable, accessible, and practical learning experiences focused on improving farming practices, crop management, market access, and sustainable agriculture.

### Ajrasakha System Overview
Ajrasakha is a suite of open-source software built on:
- **Core Stack:** MERN (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js)
- **Additional Technologies:** Python, AI models, ML algorithms
- **Purpose:** Comprehensive agricultural knowledge and support platform

### Project Options

Teams may choose **ONE** of the following approaches:

#### Option 1: Problem Statements (Provided by Organizers)

Work on pre-defined problem statements that address specific needs in the Ajrasakha system.

#### Option 2: Improve an Existing Solution

Teams can enhance, extend, or optimize an existing Ajrasakha project by adding new features, improving performance, usability, scalability, or reliability in alignment with Ajrasakha’s mission.
