hackathon-site/docs/session.md, before:

---
sidebar_label: Mentor Session
---

**Phase 1:  23 January 2026, 8:00 PM to 25 January 2026, 10:00 PM** 

**Day 1**

| Sessions | Time  | Mentors |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Session 1 | 09:00 am  \-  11:00 am | Nandan, Mamtha, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 2 | 11:00 am  \-  01:00 pm | Bibin, Devinder, Kshitij, Vatsal |
| **Lunch Break** | 01:00 pm  \-  02:00 pm |  |
| Session 3 | 02:00 pm  \-  04:00 pm | Rishi, Abiram, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 4 | 04:00 pm  \-  06:00 pm | Chahat, Bibin,  Kshitij, Vatsal |

**Day 2**

| Sessions | Time  | Mentors |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Session 1 | 09:00 am  \-  11:00 am | Nandan, Mamtha, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 2 | 11:00 am  \-  01:00 pm | Bibin, Devinder, Kshitij, Vatsal |
| **Lunch Break** | 01:00 pm  \-  02:00 pm |  |
| Session 3 | 02:00 pm  \-  04:00 pm | Rishi, Abiram, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 4 | 04:00 pm  \-  06:00 pm | Chahat, Bibin, Kshitij, Vatsal |

   
**Phase 2: 30 January 2026, 8:00 PM to 1 February 2026, 10:00 PM** 

**Day 1**

| Sessions | Time  | Mentors |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Session 1 | 09:00 am  \-  11:00 am | Nandan, Mamtha, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 2 | 11:00 am  \-  01:00 pm | Bibin, Devinder, Kshitij, Vatsal |
| **Lunch Break** | 01:00 pm  \-  02:00 pm |  |
| Session 3 | 02:00 pm  \-  04:00 pm | Rishi, Abiram, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 4 | 04:00 pm  \-  06:00 pm | Chahat, Bibin,  Kshitij, Vatsal |

**Day 2** 

| Sessions | Time  | Mentors |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Session 1 | 09:00 am  \-  11:00 am | Nandan, Mamtha, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 2 | 11:00 am  \-  01:00 pm | Bibin, Devinder, Kshitij, Vatsal |
| **Lunch Break** | 01:00 pm  \-  02:00 pm |  |
| Session 3 | 02:00 pm  \-  04:00 pm | Rishi, Abiram, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 4 | 04:00 pm  \-  06:00 pm | Chahat, Bibin,  Kshitij, Vatsal |

Commit message:

feat: updated mentor session doc and update read me

hackathon-site/docs/session.md, after:

---
sidebar_label: Mentor Sessions
---

# Mentor Sessions
Note: This schedule is tentative and may be subject to change.

**Phase 1:  23 January 2026, 8:00 PM to 25 January 2026, 10:00 PM** 

**Day 1**

| Sessions | Time  | Mentors |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Session 1 | 09:00 am  \-  11:00 am | Nandan, Mamtha, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 2 | 11:00 am  \-  01:00 pm | Bibin, Devinder, Kshitij, Vatsal |
| **Lunch Break** | 01:00 pm  \-  02:00 pm |  |
| Session 3 | 02:00 pm  \-  04:00 pm | Rishi, Abiram, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 4 | 04:00 pm  \-  06:00 pm | Chahat, Bibin,  Kshitij, Vatsal |

**Day 2**

| Sessions | Time  | Mentors |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Session 1 | 09:00 am  \-  11:00 am | Nandan, Mamtha, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 2 | 11:00 am  \-  01:00 pm | Bibin, Devinder, Kshitij, Vatsal |
| **Lunch Break** | 01:00 pm  \-  02:00 pm |  |
| Session 3 | 02:00 pm  \-  04:00 pm | Rishi, Abiram, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 4 | 04:00 pm  \-  06:00 pm | Chahat, Bibin, Kshitij, Vatsal |

   
**Phase 2: 30 January 2026, 8:00 PM to 1 February 2026, 10:00 PM** 

**Day 1**

| Sessions | Time  | Mentors |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Session 1 | 09:00 am  \-  11:00 am | Nandan, Mamtha, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 2 | 11:00 am  \-  01:00 pm | Bibin, Devinder, Kshitij, Vatsal |
| **Lunch Break** | 01:00 pm  \-  02:00 pm |  |
| Session 3 | 02:00 pm  \-  04:00 pm | Rishi, Abiram, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 4 | 04:00 pm  \-  06:00 pm | Chahat, Bibin,  Kshitij, Vatsal |

**Day 2** 

| Sessions | Time  | Mentors |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| Session 1 | 09:00 am  \-  11:00 am | Nandan, Mamtha, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 2 | 11:00 am  \-  01:00 pm | Bibin, Devinder, Kshitij, Vatsal |
| **Lunch Break** | 01:00 pm  \-  02:00 pm |  |
| Session 3 | 02:00 pm  \-  04:00 pm | Rishi, Abiram, Deepthi, Shubhankar |
| Session 4 | 04:00 pm  \-  06:00 pm | Chahat, Bibin,  Kshitij, Vatsal |
