hackathon-site/docs/terms-and-condition.md, before:

---
slug: /terms-and-condition
title: Eligibility & Registration
sidebar_label: Terms & Conditions
---
# Terms & Conditions
## Ajrasakha Hackathon 

The **annam.ai Ajrasakha Hackathon** is a two-phase event conducted over two consecutive weekends.

- **Phase 1:** 23 January 2026, 8:00 PM to 25 January 2026, 10:00 PM (48 hours)
- **Phase 2:** 30 January 2026, 8:00 PM to 1 February 2026, 10:00 PM (48 hours)

Together, these constitute the **"Hackathon Period."**

This Hackathon is governed by these **Terms and Conditions ("Terms")**, which form a binding agreement between you (the **participant**) and **annam.ai**, including its affiliates (the **"Organization"**). By participating, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these Terms.

---

## Eligibility

- The Hackathon is an **internal event** restricted exclusively to members of the current internship (**Winternship**) cohort.  
- Participation is **voluntary but strongly encouraged**.  
- **Outsiders, external participants, and non-interns are strictly prohibited**.

### Team Rules
- Each participant must register as part of a team of **exactly four (4) members**.  
- **Solo participation** or teams with fewer or more than four members are **not permitted**.  
- A participant may be part of **only one team**.

Teams are encouraged to be **heterogeneous**, including members with diverse skills such as:
- Development
- Creative thinking
- Operations execution
- Documentation, research, or AI tooling

Teams composed entirely of members with identical skill sets are discouraged.

annam.ai reserves the right to **disqualify any entry** if it determines that a participant has violated these Terms, tampered with the Hackathon, or acted against the spirit of the event.

---

## Hackathon Structure

The Hackathon consists of two phases:

### Phase 1
- Teams must build a **complete, working product** within **48 hours**.  
- Partial prototypes are discouraged unless a **clear split of deliverables** between Phase 1 and Phase 2 is documented.  
- At the end of Phase 1, teams must submit:
  - Source code
  - Application
  - A short video explaining what was built, how it works, and why it matters

### Phase 2
- Teams must **improve, refine, and strengthen** their Phase 1 product within another **48-hour window**.  
- **All teams automatically proceed** to Phase 2. There is **no elimination** after Phase 1.

Organizers may provide feedback after Phase 1, but feedback is **not guaranteed**.  
Final evaluation will consider performance **across both phases together**.

---

## Project Scope and Requirements

All projects must relate to the **Ajrasakha system**, a suite of open-source software.

Teams may:
- Work on **feature requests** provided by the organizers, or  
- **Propose and implement their own features**

All solutions must be developed in accordance with the **annam.ai technology stack** and be compatible with the existing **Ajrasakha codebase**.
The Ajrasakha system primarily uses:
- **TypeScript-based MERN stack** for application development  
  (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js)
- **Python** for AI/ML components, using internal libraries and approved open-source frameworks


Additional technologies (e.g., **Python**, AI models) may be used as long as the **final solution integrates with the MERN-based system**.

> Projects that do not adhere to the **annam.ai technology stack**, or are evaluated to be **unmaintainable due to severely disorganized code or poor structure**, will be **considered failures**, regardless of technical sophistication.


---

## Technical and Cost Requirements

Cost-effectiveness is **highly valued and strongly encouraged**, particularly with respect to large-scale deployment in India. Teams that deliver **cost-effective solutions while effectively solving the problem statement** will have a **competitive advantage** in the hackathon evaluation.


Teams must:
- Minimize **GPU usage** and **API costs**
- Ensure that solutions demonstrate **improved efficiency, effectiveness, and time savings** when compared to equivalent human-operated processes.

- Justify any **high-cost API usage**
- Prioritize **expert-validated data** and **localized responses**
- Prefer **curated datasets** over heavy LLM reliance

GPU access will be provided **selectively** based on merit after Phase 1.

---

## Submission Requirements

At the end of Phase 1 and Phase 2, teams must submit:

- Complete **source code**
- A **working, deployable application**
- A **short demo video**
- **Documentation** describing the application, its functionality, and architecture.
- Any additional materials requested by organizers

The project must be:
- A **public GitHub repository**
- Licensed under the **MIT License**
- Remain public after the competition

---

## Evaluation Criteria

Projects will be evaluated on:

- Effectiveness in addressing the problem statement or improving the existing solution, along with code quality and simplicity
- Technical quality across both phases
- Innovation and impact
- Completeness and functionality
- Efficient use of compute, APIs, and GPUs

Small, focused, high-impact solutions are encouraged.

All decisions by **annam.ai are final and binding**.

---


## Intellectual Property & Usage Rights

By participating, you grant annam.ai the right to:
- Publish screenshots, code snippets, and descriptions
- Use submissions for promotion, education, or demos
- Use participant names and testimonials

---

## Conduct and Prohibited Content

Submissions must not:
- Violate any law or IP rights
- Contain hateful, harmful, or discriminatory content
- Include personal data without consent
- Promote unsafe or illegal activities
- Contain explicit or offensive material
- Include plagiarism or unauthorized content

annam.ai may reject any submission at its discretion.

---

## Limitation of Liability

Participants agree that annam.ai is not liable for any injury, damage, or loss related to the Hackathon or prizes.

All participant expenses are their own responsibility.

---

## General Conditions

annam.ai may cancel, modify, or suspend the Hackathon at any time.  
All decisions are final and governed by the **laws of India**.

---

## Mandatory Actions

All participants must:

- Complete team registration on time
- Familiarize yourself with the existing solutions and ongoing work being developed by annam.ai.
- Execute Phase 1 and Phase 2 work
- Complete all internship obligations
- Maintain communication with organizers

By participating, you confirm acceptance of these **Terms and Conditions**.

Commit message:

Revise terms for monthly hackathon structure

hackathon-site/docs/terms-and-condition.md, after:

---
slug: /terms-and-condition
title: Eligibility & Registration
sidebar_label: Terms & Conditions
---
# Terms & Conditions
## Ajrasakha Hackathon 

The **annam.ai Ajrasakha Hackathon** is a **recurring monthly hackathon program** conducted in two structured phases every month.

- **Phase 1:** First two (2) weeks of each month  
- **Phase 2:** Following two (2) weeks of the same month  

Together, these constitute the **"Hackathon Period."**

This Hackathon is governed by these **Terms and Conditions ("Terms")**, which form a binding agreement between you (the **participant**) and **annam.ai**, including its affiliates (the **"Organization"**). By participating, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these Terms.

---

## Eligibility

- The Hackathon is an **internal event** restricted exclusively to members of the current internship (**Winternship**) cohort.  
- Participation is **voluntary but strongly encouraged**.  
- **Outsiders, external participants, and non-interns are strictly prohibited**.

### Team Rules
- Each participant must register as part of a team of **exactly four (4) members**.  
- **Solo participation** or teams with fewer or more than four members are **not permitted**.  
- A participant may be part of **only one team**.

Teams are encouraged to be **heterogeneous**, including members with diverse skills such as:
- Development
- Creative thinking
- Operations execution
- Documentation, research, or AI tooling

Teams composed entirely of members with identical skill sets are discouraged.

annam.ai reserves the right to **disqualify any entry** if it determines that a participant has violated these Terms, tampered with the Hackathon, or acted against the spirit of the event.

---

## Hackathon Structure

The Hackathon consists of two phases every month:

### Phase 1
- Teams must build a **complete, working product** within the first **two (2) weeks** of the Hackathon Period.  
- Partial prototypes are discouraged unless a **clear split of deliverables** between Phase 1 and Phase 2 is documented.  
- At the end of Phase 1, teams must submit:
  - Source code  
  - Application  
  - A short video explaining what was built, how it works, and why it matters  

### Phase 2
- Teams must **improve, refine, and strengthen** their Phase 1 product during the following **two (2) weeks**.  
- **All teams automatically proceed** to Phase 2. There is **no elimination** after Phase 1.

Organizers may provide feedback after Phase 1, but feedback is **not guaranteed**.  
Final evaluation will consider performance **across both phases together**.

---

## Project Scope and Requirements

All projects must relate to the **Ajrasakha system**, a suite of open-source software.

Teams may:
- Work on **feature requests** provided by the organizers, or  
- **Propose and implement their own features**

All solutions must be developed in accordance with the **annam.ai technology stack** and be compatible with the existing **Ajrasakha codebase**.

The Ajrasakha system primarily uses:
- **TypeScript-based MERN stack** for application development  
  (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js)
- **Python** for AI/ML components, using internal libraries and approved open-source frameworks

Additional technologies (e.g., **Python**, AI models) may be used as long as the **final solution integrates with the MERN-based system**.

> Projects that do not adhere to the **annam.ai technology stack**, or are evaluated to be **unmaintainable due to severely disorganized code or poor structure**, will be **considered failures**, regardless of technical sophistication.

---

## Technical and Cost Requirements

Cost-effectiveness is **highly valued and strongly encouraged**, particularly with respect to large-scale deployment in India. Teams that deliver **cost-effective solutions while effectively solving the problem statement** will have a **competitive advantage** in the hackathon evaluation.

Teams must:
- Minimize **GPU usage** and **API costs**
- Ensure that solutions demonstrate **improved efficiency, effectiveness, and time savings** when compared to equivalent human-operated processes
- Justify any **high-cost API usage**
- Prioritize **expert-validated data** and **localized responses**
- Prefer **curated datasets** over heavy LLM reliance

GPU access will be provided **selectively** based on merit after Phase 1.

---

## Submission Requirements

At the end of **Phase 1 and Phase 2** each month, teams must submit:

- Complete **source code**
- A **working, deployable application**
- A **short demo video**
- **Documentation** describing the application, its functionality, and architecture
- Any additional materials requested by organizers

The project must be:
- A **public GitHub repository**
- Licensed under the **MIT License**
- Remain public after the competition

---

## Evaluation Criteria

Projects will be evaluated on:

- Effectiveness in addressing the problem statement or improving the existing solution, along with code quality and simplicity
- Technical quality across both phases
- Innovation and impact
- Completeness and functionality
- Efficient use of compute, APIs, and GPUs

Small, focused, high-impact solutions are encouraged.

All decisions by **annam.ai are final and binding**.

---

## Intellectual Property & Usage Rights

By participating, you grant annam.ai the right to:
- Publish screenshots, code snippets, and descriptions
- Use submissions for promotion, education, or demos
- Use participant names and testimonials

---

## Conduct and Prohibited Content

Submissions must not:
- Violate any law or IP rights
- Contain hateful, harmful, or discriminatory content
- Include personal data without consent
- Promote unsafe or illegal activities
- Contain explicit or offensive material
- Include plagiarism or unauthorized content

annam.ai may reject any submission at its discretion.

---

## Limitation of Liability

Participants agree that annam.ai is not liable for any injury, damage, or loss related to the Hackathon or prizes.

All participant expenses are their own responsibility.

---

## General Conditions

annam.ai may cancel, modify, or suspend the Hackathon at any time.  
All decisions are final and governed by the **laws of India**.

---

## Mandatory Actions

All participants must:

- Complete team registration on time
- Familiarize themselves with the existing solutions and ongoing work being developed by annam.ai
- Execute Phase 1 and Phase 2 work
- Complete all internship obligations
- Maintain communication with organizers

By participating, you confirm acceptance of these **Terms and Conditions**.
